So if you have any questions, I 'd like to ask you a question.
What do something, why this is coming up on its own two groups
It seems to have something to weight but to lock.
Structurally himdeuleoseo now is the addition ttajimyeon
Because the center of gravity was now 1g side which fits you open
Oh, there is a part called open'm going to raise that level again. What is this business
Ah, the reservation is sum total 4
I do not know how much I can say when I feel like a man.
I do not know if there's such need to discard the most commonly lost much lighter Aza
Stay alive in me not going voila place it is unconditionally entered carrying a lot of books
When I ride a horse, it becomes blue .
who
Hat I'm sure I locked the weight of the lighter degree of Can I jamji
4 car wash deulmyeo 5 I wonder ah ah ah r opens, but lighter sseoyaji
That's what I call it, it's now weighed in, and the size is the usual way to learn
If it's a phone or a wallet, I think it's about insult .
Tablet pc games these days that their data be greater than 3 blue in this case,
What specialty rice and water induced larger second example, we talk a lot, but the ball between the
Yes , sir. So, at first, it was Jeep who developed it.
It is a little rattling 0'll show two projections for the rich by giving medicine 4
Standing at right angles .
Ah ah ah ah ah my mother
It can be easy here and the demo made so that 4 q do not drill
I do not think that's the word.
But so far is this going to hit maneusin how would you like to put a public toilet
It is.
I do not know exactly what is right, but the standard of public toilet is
Is it
I'm not going to the mall or something plain, each size for each bathroom is not worth
right
It is I've developed in iodine corner needle punch-ups elderly couple guys
He is wrapped around your company's doing ah ah gonna stand there facing a make-up 2
The size has to fit in the Rye contains Gee has reduced the drill hole
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Oh , that's it.